Document initial list of layers and hub features (#2980)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/howto/features/index.md

These add extra functionality, connect with cloud services, etc.
See the sections below for more details.

## Layers

> ### Cloud

Reviewer: Cloud Layer

1. Shared/Dedicated Cluster
2. Dedicated nodepool on a shared cluster (recommended for events)

> ### Hub User Access

Reviewer: ### Access Layer

1. Authentication + authorization
2. Anonymisation of users ids

### Community customizations
1. Community specific hub domain
2. (mandatory) Hub login page template sections
3. Self-configuration of hub login page from own GitHub repository
4. Customizations of hub pages

> 

Reviewer: ### Applications Layer

(Add substructure describing software image)

> ### Data

Reviewer: ### Data Layer

1. Shared data directories
2. Object storage buckets (persistent/scratch)
  - Cloud Permissions

>     - (default) Buckets accessible from the Hub
>     - Buckets accessible from outside the Hub

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - (default) Buckets accessible from the Hub's cloud account
    - Buckets accessible from other cloud accounts
```

Is this what we mean? "Outside the hub" doesn't really make sense to me

Author: Yesss! Thank you.

      - Publicly accessible
      - (GCP only) Google groups based membership
    - (GCP only) Requestor pays for buckets

> ### Integrations

Reviewer: I suggest we subsume integrations under `Access Layer`.

1. Allow users to push to GitHub from the Hub (gh-scoped-creds)
2. Enable `nbgitpuller` for private repos (git-credential-helper)
3. (dedicated clusters only) Grafana
4. Authenticated static websites
5. (default enabled) Configurator

> ### Performance

Reviewer: I suggest we subsume `Performance` under `Cloud Layer`.

1. GPUs
  - GPU user profile
2. Dask
3. KernelCulling

> ### Elastic Scaffolding

Reviewer: Let's put `Elastic Scaffolding` under `Cloud Layer`.

1. ProfileLists
  - Hardware Profiles
  - User Image Selectors
  - Node Sharing

> ### Knowledge sharing

Reviewer: ### Support Layer

(Here @colliand requests input from @jmunroe on how to break down the `Support Layer` consistent with the granularity on this page. This will likely need to be developed in another issue thread.)

> ### Support and training

Reviewer: ### Knowledge Sharing Layer

(Adjacent binderhub service; nbgitpuller; community-controlled static sites)
